This is a list of the challenges for the competition from the previous year

Old Challenges:

Alpha Challenge:
The vehicle will be started by a team member and after a delay of a few seconds 
or a signal received remotely, 
the vehicle will drive forward in a straight line for 3 meters (+/- 0.5 m), 
make a right turn,then drive forward for an additional 3 meters (+/- 0.5 m).

Bravo Challenge:
Vehicle should move forward until it senses an obstacle, and stops. 
The obstacle will move into the path after movement begins at a distance of 3-10 meters.
After the obstacle is removed, the jeep should continue to travel for at least another 1 meter. 
If there is no obstacle, the vehicle should run for at least 10 meters. 
Must complete 3 course runs!

Charlie Challenge:
Vehicle must follow highly reflective tape. The distance travelled will be between 6 - 10 meters. 
Lanes will be 2 to 3 meters wide. Vehicles must provide audible or 
visual "encroachment indicators" whenever lines are being approached 
and steering adjustments are made.
Research:
https://www.chiefdelphi.com/t/reflective-tape-sensor/139783/4


Delta Challenge:
perform a parallel parking action within the following parameters: 
The space will be 3 meters long and 1 meter deep.
Vehicle must travel along a straight path for a minimum of 3 meters 
to locate an open space between 2 objects then use sensors to maneuver into the open spot, 
like a passenger vehicle. 
The vehicle must be fully inside the space and indicate when parking is complete.

Echo Challenge:
The vehicle will drive into a dark area (simulating a tunnel or garage), 
stop, and turn on its light(s). The lights can be headlights or another form of light. 
The specific light and placement may be determined by the team, 
but it must be bright enough for the judges to view from the exterior of the dark area. 
When a door on the opposite end of the "parking garage" opens, the vehicle will continue to travel, 
exiting the garage and turning its lights back off, stopping with the rear of the vehicle 
approximately 1 meter outside of the garage.

Foxtrot Challenge:
The vehicle will use GPS to navigate and drive to a specific location (set of coordinates) 
given by the judges. The coordinates will be given on the day of the final event. 
The location will have a 2 meter diameter circle around it. 
Teams will have 3 trials to have their vehicle travel into the circle and stop 
and the highest scoring of the trials will be the final points earned score

Golf Challenge:
The vehicle will detect and follow another vehicle throughout an undefined course. 
Each vehicle involved will allow the other teams to place a marker of some kind on 
the rear of their car (reflective tape?). 
This will simulate fleets following each other on the roadways in a "platooning" configuration.

Mobility Exhibition Challenge:
Teams will demonstrate innovative mobility functionality, 
not seen in the other AIVD Missions. 
Teams are free to use whatever sensor technology they feel is appropriate. 
Teams must integrate the AIVD vehicle as part of the demonstration,
but may also develop and demonstrate auxiliary equipment to simulate other devices 
(traffic signals, DRC units, emergency vehicles, etc) or other objects 
(buildings, pedestrians, etc) in their environment that interact with the AIVD vehicle. 
These demonstrations should model scenarios & challenges that occur in the current 
mobility industry. This exhibition is intended for teams that have successfully completed all 
the other AIVD Missions (“Alpha” through “Golf”). 
The scoring for this exhibition will only be used in a “tie-breaker” scenario.
